You've hated me from the moment
I walked through that door. why?
Because you lie. all you do is lie.
- Admit it. you've lost!
- I've had enough of your games.
You need to leave!
Laura. put the knife down!
I need to protect him
from you. You're sick!
Get out of my fucking house!
Laura! Look what you did to me!
Stop!
Harriet. how could you let this happen?
- Just... just stop crying. please.
- You're going to fire me. aren't you?
- No. I'm not going to fire you. but...
- she wouldn't use our courier.
She what? The minute you
track it down. you call me back.
With the. the. tracking thing.
- Yes. with the tracking number.
- Yeah... ok. ok.
Ok. Thank you.
Why can nobody do their jobs anymore?
Daniel?
Howard?
Hello?
Moses. were you trying to
give mummy a heart attack?
It is not normal for an
old lady to be that strong.
I'm so happy you're
here. I've missed you.
Well. mum. you've been away so long.
- I've felt quite neglected.
- Nice try.
Dad tells me that you haven't
been sleeping at home very much.
So... who is this one?
No. wait. let me guess. let me guess.
She... studied fashion.
loves to go to brunch and hot yoga.
No.
No. this... this one's...
Different.
Like how?
She's... Insanely clever.
she's stunning. she's
ambitious. she's funny.
I mean frankly. she's...
She's perfect.
Look at you. head over heels.
I actually think you'd really like her.
You remind me of her.
She reminds you of me.
I mean. he's always had
girlfriends. that's nothing new.
but I've never heard him
speak about anyone like this.
Do you remember being
that age and madly in lust?
So deliciously intoxicating.
just fucking wherever and
whenever the mood takes you.
I've yet to see you suffer a drought.
It's the spontaneity that I miss.
Back then. there was no need
for the old muff butter. you know...
To help things along.
I'm nervous. Why am I nervous?
Darling. she is going to love you.
Don't you think that the
name "cherry" is a bit...
- Naff?
- Niche?
Are you sure she's not
moonlighting as a stripper?
Don't even get me started on the endless
"popping cherry" jokes I
had to endure in school.
- Hello.
Lovely to meet you. mrs Sanderson.
We don't do formal
here. So nice to meet you.
- And. please. call me Laura.
- Laura.
Does your friend always
stare like that. Laura?
I'm sorry. darling. I can't help it. you are...
Ravishing!
But don't mind me. I'm off.
- Hello!
- Hi.
- Hello... goodbye.
- Goodbye.
Have fun!
- Laura. these are for you.
- Ooh. my favourite. thank you.
You're welcome.
Our first bite at the cherry!
Nice. dad. Real nice.
Wow. it seems my name's
open season tonight.
I don't know whether to be
flattered or plotting my revenge.
I'm sorry. I'm Howard. by the way.
- So nice to meet you.
- Nice to meet you too.
- Drinks?
- Yes. Yeah.
Chop chop. upstairs for cocktail hour.
"Chop chop"? What
are you. Mary poppins?
I know. Just don't.
I'll give you the grand tour later.
Daniel. give me a hand.
My god. it keeps going.
Here. come here. I'll show you around.
This is my office.
- What do you think?
- It's unusual.
It's violent. but gentle.
A contradiction. Is it
a caspian Alexander?
It is.
It's a terribly expensive
pile of shit to my eye.
Are you a secret art dealer as well?
No. lucky guess.
Who is this?
- That's Moses.
- He's gorgeous.
- Shit. the window's open.
- Close the window!
No. not the window!
He's our resident prisoner.
He's an indoor cat.
You know he wouldn't
last two seconds outdoors.
- Anyway. cheers!
- Cheers.
How are you with the. the sight of blood?
I mean. I just. like
no. cherry's not squeamish at all.
No. in fact. she loves hearing
all my blood and guts stories
from medical school.
And you're in. real estate?
I am. yes.
I work at hambidge and Holmes.
Did you know that Howard
is in property as well?
I do. yes. I've heard you're a big dog.
Ooh. big dog? I like the sound of that.
What made you want
to get into real estate?
I really want to have my own company
that focuses on affordable housing
and fix the housing crisis in the UK.
- Nice.
- Nice. Yeah.
Laura. Daniel tells me you
have a new exhibition coming up?
How's it all going?
It's stressful to say the least.
Just. my staff is just not on the ball.
Why can no one do their jobs anymore?
How long is this house
tour going to take?
Let him do his thing.
He's trying to impress her.
No. I'm going to go get them.
Hey! Are they coming?
Well. one of them is.
Howard. who does that?
First time meeting the parents?
- We did.
- No. we did not.
- Mmhmm.
- Did I?
Mmhmm.
You know. I'd forgotten how
adorable "neurotic Laura" is.
Lot of booze. lot of drugs. lot of sex...
No. actually. mum and I flew to Paris
and zigzagged through Europe by train.
Well. I organised it.
I mean. it was selfish. really.
forcing him to spend
all that time with me.
You spent your gap
year with your mother?
Not all of it.
It was a grim transition
when I trudged off to India
with nothing but my rucksack.
Was that on your own?
No. that was with school friends.
Where did you go to school?
- St... st florian's.
- No way!
We know the headmaster.
And my goddaughter went there.
You guys are about the same age. actually.
You might know her. Cassie Hughes?
Doesn't ring an immediate bell.
But I was a bit of a
nerd. if I'm being honest.
I kept myself to myself.
I'm sure you would remember
her. It's such a small school.
She was head girl. right?
- Yeah.
- Cassie.
Yeah. no. I do remember her. yeah.
- Do you have any siblings?
- No. I'm an only child. like Daniel.
Daniel's not an only child.
We had a daughter. Rose.
but she was only with us for a short time.
- I'm so sorry. I had no idea.
- No. it's fine.
I understand now. you
wanted to be a paediatrician
to honour Rose. that's really lovely.
Wanted to be?
What's that about?
Mum. I didn't want to
mention it until it was all set.
but I've decided to train as a
trauma surgeon at the royal London.
Jez's uncle put in a word for me.
Trauma surgery?
Howard. did you know about this?
I had no idea. but...
But wait. this isn't what we decided.
Well. it's what I've decided.
Daniel. all I'm saying is.
do you have any idea what that entails?
Yeah. mum. funnily enough.
I know exactly what it entails.
Hey. whatever it is you
choose. we are so proud.
I think it's great. I think
it perfectly suits your
fuck! Fuck.
- Cherry. I'm so sorry.
- What the hell!
- Cherry. are you ok?
- It's fine. it's... no. it's fine.
Sorry. it was just really. really hot.
I'm so sorry.
- Mum. what the hell!
- I didn't mean to. honey. I'm sorry.
I'm going to go check on her.
Cherry? Just making sure you're ok.
Yeah. no. I'm all good.
I just wanted to say.
I definitely can take the
dress to the dry cleaners.
No. that's fine.
I'll. I'll put it in the... in the wash.
- Are you sure?
- Yeah. yeah.
Ok. After you.
No. please. After you.
Moses!
Moses?
She had a bracelet in her
bag that is exactly like mine.
- Have you checked it's missing?
- No. not fully.
Maybe she felt she deserved a gift
after giving your son
a wonderful blow job.
Isabella!
It's not just that. though.
Just some of the
things she was saying...
It's like she's hiding something.
I don't know... and little Moses.
We still haven't found him yet.
Oooh... I refuse to believe
she's that much of a nut job.
I mean. fucking with people's pets.
that's beyond...
- God...
- Hey!
- How'd you find us?
- I've got mother here on find my friends.
Why aren't you at your appointment?
Have you just forgotten
how many strings I had to pull
to get you in with
Marcus in the first place?
Well. I just don't think that
Marcus is quite right for us anymore.
I think that we need a new lawyer.
Why? Laura?
She had sex with him.
- Laura!
- You had sex with your divorce lawyer?
- No-no-no-no-no.
- My god. mum.
- What is wrong with you!
- Mh.
- What?
- Don't judge!
You only care because you're
worried about your inheritance!
Yeah. of course I am. Who doesn't get
a prenup on their fourth failed marriage?
- True.
- Thank you.
I am telling them...
- That you have diarrhoea...
- No!
That's why you couldn't be there.
and we're reconvening tomorrow to sign.
That's disgusting.
I'm so excited for tonight. by the way.
Guess what? Daniel's bringing cherry.
Ooh. Do we like her?
Jury's out.
Beautiful.
- Great exhibition!
- Thank you.
Hey. David. I want to talk to you later.
- Congratulations.
- Thanks. marianne.
It means a lot that you're here.
Spain couldn't be coming
at a better time for you.
You'll be with your beloved Daniel.
Yeah.
Away from his thieving...
Cat-killing... Sorry... Girlfriend.
- My god. he replied!
- Who's that?
This is Henry. the head of the school
that cherry claimed to have gone to.
No record of her.
Laura! Laura. they want to take
a quick picture before you leave.
Ok. I'll be right there. thanks. Harriet.
Howard.
The car's ready for us to go to the dinner.
Where's Daniel?
He and cherry left.
- They left?
- Yeah.
Ok.
I thought you were staying
over at marianne's tonight?
No.
Hey.
wasn't it weird how Daniel left early
and didn't even say goodbye?
Right?
It's just so unlike him.
Yeah.
Hey.
I'll give her up.
Are you ready for me
to give marianne up?
No. not yet.
It's better this way.
Yeah.
You're right.
I'm right around the
corner from cherry's office.
I'm kinda tempted to just swing by there
and see if she actually works there.
Is that crazy?
You think she lied about that too?
I don't know. Possibly.
What are you going
to say if you see her?
I don't know. I'll think of something.
I'll call you later.
I can't believe you're doing this again.
I'm getting married on Saturday.
Oi! Watch out!
- I love you.
- I love you too. mate.
Panoramic micro-loft?
How about a massively
expensive penthouse
to offset a small appendage?
My god.
Pandora?
- Hey! Pandora!
- God. I'm. I'm really. really sorry.
I consumed an extremely large amount
of alcohol and narcotics last night.
Don't.
I'm. I'm trying really hard
not to cry or throw up.
Dear. Dear. Hot date?
No. no. it was the old
girls from st florian's.
They're savage.
I'll take care of the listing.
My god. You star.
We just have to make it
to our celebration lunch.
What are we celebrating?
You made pandora assistant manager?
I was just coming to talk to you.
Over the last quarter.
I've closed more deals
than everyone else in
this office put together.
I know. Your work has been
nothing short of exceptional.
So. what more do you
want from me. Elliot? Blood?
It was purely a strategic decision.
There are... opportunities for the agency
through pandora's mother.
And where does that leave me?
Your. your time will come.
Right.
Right. now. riders. you all came
in here for a reason today. right?
I want you to think about that reason.
Let it guide you through
to the end of your class.
That little voice you hear
in the back of your mind
saying that you're too slow.
you're too weak. that you can't.
I want you to tell that voice to shut up.
Because you can. you can. you can!
On my call. riders. we're live
down in the saddle. you hit that beat.
In five. in four. in three. two. one. rise!
Go! Go! Go! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!
Fuck.
Ok. it's time for my bikini wax.
- Do you not have a client soon?
- I'll make it back in time.
If you could see what was between my legs.
cherry. you would know it's an emergency.
Hi.
Hello.
Pandora?
We spoke on the phone
about the penthouse flat.
Sorry. I'm. I'm a bit early.
I'm Daniel Sanderson. Aka wanker.
- Right.
- No need to apologise.
honestly. we were
being utter... Wankers.
Look. I. I totally get it.
I. I wouldn't want to do
business with me either. but...
Are you driving or shall I?
Wow.
As you can see. it's
more than an apartment.
It's a lifestyle.
A lifestyle?
Yeah. that line usually
works on your type.
My type?
Yeah. corporate finance
bro. I'm guessing?
Ouch.
Ok. give me the spiel.
Would you be moving here alone?
I would.
Do you intend to have visitors?
On special occasions.
Well. this is the penthouse.
So were you to entertain.
you wouldn't have to worry about
the neighbours hearing anything.
That's good.
When I entertain. there tends to be...
Quite the racket.
Three bathrooms. Very
good water pressure.
Steam. Sauna. Hot tub.
If it doesn't come with a
Butler. I'm not interested.
Have you... Ever "entertained"...
In front of a view like this?
Have you?
Sometimes I come out
here and entertain myself.
That's very naughty of you. pandora.
Pandora's my colleague.
I stole you from her.
My name's cherry.
Cherry.
Well. seeing as we're being honest.
I'm not a banker.
I'm a doctor.
This might not be the
right apartment for you.
So what is it about me that you
think is so well suited to this place?
I just think this is the better fit.
And she's labelled the keys wrong again.
There is a wall... round the back.
I dare you.
Thank you. doctor.
So?
What do you think?
I think...
I think I just found my new home.
Well. that's cause for celebration.
How should we celebrate?
- Hey Max. you old dog!
- Danny boy!
How are you? You just
missed your old man.
I thought he was supposed
to be playing golf today.
He can't stay away from our bar.
He says he's working. but I suspect
it's the endless flow of vintage scotch
that keeps him perched up there.
- So your dad works here?
- Yeah.
- He sort of owns the place.
- Right.
- Hey. Cesar. how are you?
- Welcome back.
- Nice to see you.
- Your table is ready.
Thank you.
You've taken me to your
dad's hotel for our third date.
Such a show-off.
Wait till you see me put it all on his tab.
Then you'll be really turned on.
What about your mum?
Is she a lady of leisure?
No. god. no.
She runs three galleries.
works constantly.
She's a machine.
You're a mummy's boy. aren't you?
For sure.
Yeah. she's got me wrapped
around her little finger.
What about you?
I was a daddy's girl. probably.
- Was?
- He died when I was 14.
I'm so sorry.
It's ok. It's motivated me.
I'm under no illusions. you've
got to really put in the graft.
Nobody's going to do it for you.
Unless maybe if your dad
owns lots of fancy hotels.
What?
Nothing. I just...
Feel like I've known you for ages.
Are you sure we've got
the house to ourselves?
Yeah. we've got hours.
That's a beautiful cocktail set.
It belonged to Wallis Simpson.
I can't hear you with that
silver spoon in your mouth.
- It belonged to Wallis Simpson.
- Right.
In her honour. I'll be
making us French 75s.
Cherry. do you want bubbles or oil?
All of it!
Harriet. listen to me.
No. the minute you track
it down. call me back.
Yes. with the tracking number.
Ok. thank you.
Why can nobody do their jobs anymore?
Daniel?
Hello?
Cherry?
My god. I didn't breathe for 5 minutes.
- I smashed a vase.
- What?
You hide upstairs. I'm
going to see my mum.
- What's she doing here?
- Just hide!
Hi. can I get these two. please?
Yes. of course.
No returns.
If it's been worn.
Yeah.
Don't you think the name cherry is a bit...
- Naff?
- Niche?
I mean are we sure she's
not moonlighting as a stripper?
I'm sorry. that's...
- You'll love her. Come on.
- It's fine. it's fine.
Don't even get me started on
the endless "popping cherry" jokes
I had to put up with in school.
Mum. This is cherry.
- Hello. cherry.
- Cherry. mum.
Lovely to meet you. Mrs. Sanderson.
We don't do formal here. Sorry. sorry.
- Sorry.
- Laura. Call me Laura.
- Laura.
- Mum. these are for you.
- Thank you. That's very kind.
- Bit of a top up. darling.
There's obviously no
need for a house tour
but why don't I show
you the bedroom again?
Mh.
Mind the dress.
No. no. no. I don't want
to make a bad impression.
I've got a better idea.
Daniel. all I'm saying is...
You know. wanting to make sure. Do
you have any idea what that entails?
Laura...
Yes. mum. funnily enough. I
know exactly what it entails.
Hey. whatever it is you
decide. we are so proud.
I think it's great. I think
it perfectly suits your...
I'm so sorry.
No. you're fine. you're fine.
- Let me get a rag or something...
- no. it's... it's fine
- do you need a hand?
- Just gonna. gonna wipe it off.
Hi. Moses.
Fuck!
You little shit.
"Not the window!"
I'll definitely take your
dress to the dry cleaners.
No. that's fine.
Are you sure? It's not a problem at all.
I'll. I'll put it in the... in the wash.
Fuck!
Look at you.
Cherry. what does your father do?
- He passed away.
- I'm so sorry.
- It's ok. Thank you.
- What did he do?
He was a buil... he built...
he. he was an architect.
Anybody we might be familiar with?
William laine...
Maybe he did something
we would recognise?
It was... Relatively small-scale stuff.
He operated mainly on word of mouth.
Surely we could find
something online. right?
I'm so interested in architectural design...
Yeah. I mean he died...
- About 15 years ago now. so I don't...
- really?
Well. I'm sure there's a
record of it somewhere
mum. put the phone away.
You're being a bit intense.
I'm sorry. I'm just interested. honey.
- Fuck. that was weird.
- I know.
She's alive.
Elliot's letting me crash at one of his
show flats. that's why I've not been here.
Yeah.
I've seen him. you know. Your Nicholas.
In all those magazines. with that girl.
He's not my Nicholas. so...
I did tell ya. didn't I?
I mean. I kept saying.
He's too different for
you. They are different.
Do you not think I know that?
I work with these people every
day. All they have to do is breathe
and everything comes to them.
You know... Rob-next-door.
he's single again. Hey?
And Paula's son...?
What is wrong with loving someone
who happens to have money. mum?
- They'll never marry ya.
- Ok.
Look. I'm a butcher. and
your father was a builder. love.
you can't get more common than
that. No way. they stick to their own.
Ok. ok. It's boring now. mum.
Hello. darlings!
You're both looking gorgeous.
Are you late for your
own mother's party?
No. that was my fault. sorry.
That last lap dance really took a while.
- See you in there.
- Fucking brilliant.
Oooh...
Ok. alright. that's enough.
You've looked at that for enough. now.
- Trying to make me jealous?
- No. not at all.
No? You are.
- I see your game.
- Noooo.
You're trying to make me jealous.
Your mum does not like me. I can tell.
No. that. that's not true.
No. she's. she's just always
edgy and stressed at these things.
But I should probably go and say hello.
I'll find you in a bit.
Hey. you'll never guess who's here.
- Quick. come and say hi.
- I'll see you in a bit. ok?
- Hi. Laura.
- Cherry. hi.
- How are you?
- I'm. I'm good. How are you?
This is incredible.
thank you for having me.
I think riven's paintings
are absolutely captivating.
- It's ree-ven.
- Riven. Sorry.
Excuse me for a minute.
You're fucking joking.
I think...
That we...
Should get out of here?
I think that's a great idea.
- Ooh!
No! No! Daniel! God!
Sorry I rushed you out of there.
Are you kidding? I'm not!
I just don't like other people.
No. other people are the worst.
I think you should come to Spain with us.
- With the family?
- Mmhmm.
I thought we didn't like other people?
Well. I like my parents a little bit.
But I like you... a lot.
- Fine. fine. I'll come.
- Fine? Fine?
When I say I like you...
What I really mean is...
I love you.
I love you too.
Stop stalking me. you creepy little fuck!
- What?
- First you're waiting for me at the gym.
then you follow Millie to the art gallery.
- I was with someone. Nicholas.
- Of course you were - cherry. you're sick.
- I can't believe you're doing this again.
- Listen here. you arrogant prick...
I'm getting married on Saturday.
- It's over. ok? Move on.
- I have moved on!
With someone so much better than you.
Well that makes two of us. then.
I can't believe I actually used to fuck you.
You make my skin crawl.
There she is. There's the real cherry.
Underneath your fake designer clothes.
you're nothing but a
roughed-up little chav.
Fuck off.
Laura?
- Hey!
- Hey.
- Wha... what are you doing here?
- I just was on my way to the framers.
How about you?
- I work here.
- Right. of course!
Yeah. By the way. I got
my. my leave approved.
so I can come to Spain. it's official.
- Did Daniel tell you?
- Yes. of course he told me.
Ok.
I'm so happy you get to join us.
Yeah me too. I'm really. really excited.
That's great. well sorry. I've got to run.
- Good to see you.
- Ok.
Ladies and gentlemen. may I
present the bride and groom.
Nicholas and Millie Haines!
She's a fucking psycho.
And when she doesn't get her way.
she goes for the jugular.
You know what? I'm really looking
forward to getting to know you.
I've never seen Daniel so happy.
Hi.
You're gonna play nicely. aren't you?
I haven't decided.
Great.
- She looked me dead in the eye.
- Are you sure you're not imagining that?
It's like she owns him.
I can't believe you're gonna
be living all on your own.
I'll be living there with cherry.
I don't think she is who you think she is.
Help! Help!
Have you forgotten what she did to me?
Rich people. they can get
away with anything. but you can't.
Do you want me to
do a little bit of digging?
Yes.
You're not a snob you're a psychopath.
Did I scare you?
You hate her because
she's replacing you.
Mum. you're fucking smothering me.
She must be a clever fuck.
You did this. didn't you? Didn't you?
Please. Laura. I'm begging you.
Let me tell you about my daughter.
- I'm not going anywhere.
- Yeah. we'll see.